#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
The PhaseNet, a conventional linear neural network, is devised primarily
 to correct the original phase for any PSK system operating on an OFDM scheme
 in the frequency domain, considering a double dispersive channel accompanied
 by noise.
 Complications emerge both in the network's preprocessing stage and in the
 evaluation of the error between the estimated and actual values.
 Initially, the preprocessing function serves to diminish the distance between
 the OFDM PSK symbols, thereby facilitating the network's compensation for
 minor disparities in equalizing the correct symbol.
 This reduction in distance translates directly into lower values within
 the network weights, enhancing stability during training and evaluation.
 Essentially, closer points allow the network to generalize more effectively,
 avoiding undue stretching to accommodate all cases.
 Secondly, a notable discrepancy arises when the estimated values are located
 within the complex plane's second quadrant, while the true values are in
 the third quadrant.
 This marked error originates from the measurement of the error as the differenc
e in angles, causing a considerab¸le escalation when spanning the second,
 and third quadrants.
 It is vital to emphasize that angle values are typically confined within
 the range of 
\begin_inset Formula $-\pi$
\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset Formula $\pi$
\end_inset

 in prevalent libraries such as PyTorch and NumPy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal of the estimator is to focus on the angles given by 
\begin_inset Formula $\hat{\theta}$
\end_inset

 and for the complex perspective we have the following expresion 
\begin_inset Formula $O(\boldsymbol{\hat{\theta}})=e^{i\boldsymbol{\hat{\theta}}}=cos(\boldsymbol{\hat{\theta}})+i*sin(\boldsymbol{\hat{\theta}})$
\end_inset

.
 To achive an estimation an error metric we split the euler formal and compare
 the values with the real an imaginary part.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
